OpenRC README


Installation
------------
make install
Yup, that simple. Works with GNU make, FreeBSD make and pmake. Should work
with every other make too.

You may wish to tweak the installation with the below arguments
LIB=lib64
DESTDIR=/tmp/openrc-image
PAM=pam

If any of the following files exist then we do not overwrite them
/etc/devd.conf
/etc/rc
/etc/rc.shutdown
/etc/conf.d/*
/etc/inittab

rc and rc.shutdown are the hooks from the BSD init into OpenRC.
devd.conf is modified from FreeBSD to call /etc/rc.devd which is a generic
hook into OpenRC.
inittab is the same, but for SysVInit as used by most Linux distrubtions.
Obviously, if you're installing this onto a system that does not use OpenRC
by default then you may wish to backup the above listed files, remove them
and then install so that the OS hooks into OpenRC.

init.d.misc is not installed by default as the scripts will need
tweaking on a per distro basis. They are also non essential to the operation
of the system.


History - by Roy Marples
------------------------
I became a Gentoo/Linux developer in 2004 and wrote the modular network
scripts for the Gentoo baselayout package. baselayout is a collection of
bash scripts to bring up your computer and it's services.
Then towards the end of 2005 I found myself as the primary maintainer
for baselayout.

At the start of 2007, baselayout-2 is announced to the world, re-writing the
core of baselayout in C and allowing POSIX sh init scripts instead of
forcing the use of bash. By Mid 2007 I have re-written everything, including
init scripts, and alpha and pre baselayout-2 snapshots where put into Gentoo.
Towards the end of 2007 I retired as a Gentoo developer for reasons I won't
go into here. baselayout-2 was still in the pre stage, and aside from the
fbsd users, it was masked everywhere. However, I also desired to keep the
baselayout-2 project alive, but outside of Gentoo and into other projects
such as FreeBSD.

As such, the Gentoo Council have allowed the creation of OpenRC under the
2 clause BSD license, managed by me as an external project.
